Add warning to set JWT secret key for production. (#389)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment.md

**Path —** `.env`.

> ::: danger When deploying to production please ensure you set your JWT secret in your ENV. Read more [here](https://strapi.io/documentation/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations.html#server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: danger When deploying to production please ensure you set your JWT secret in your ENV (see [server configuration](https://strapi.io/documentation/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations.html#server)).
```

Reviewer: @pwizla I think this follows the WIP doc style guide that @meganelacheny has been working on.

Reviewer 2: Exactly! Thank you Derrick :-)

Reviewer 2: I would also change "in your ENV" for "in your `.env` file". Apart from that, looks good to me, thank you for you contribution @Cpaczek :-)

Reviewer: updated my suggestion to match that.
